Think about any application you've ever made.
Most likely that app was composed of two things, UI and state.
Now, think of any bug you've ever had.
Odds are that bug was caused by state mismanagement.
Your application was expecting the state to be one thing,
but it was actually something else.
When your computer freezes and you have to restart it,
that's because some state inside of your computer got to a weird place.
By restarting it, you reset that state.
When a website says you have a new notification,
but you click on that and there's nothing new,
that's because the state of the app was mismanaged.
As I said previously,
the goal of this course is to make state management,
any app you build more predictable.
One of the best ways to improve the quality of the apps you
build is to improve the predictability of the state in an application.